### Thursday 27.04.2023 8pm

After closely observing  the current developments in the digital domain I decided to make use of the technologies at hand and create a software-product that has the purpose of quickly analyzing time series data with the generous help of OpenAIs ChatGPT.

My Background is Business, Economics and Statistics with moderate coding experience when it comes to data science. Mostly just loading in some .CSVs in a notebook and performing analytics. Nothing too wild. 

Unfortunately that feels disconnected and instead I want to fully understand the End to End process out of curiosity. This tool might be of practical use in a business or research context when analyzing time series data.

The Project shall be simple and built primarily in Python. Specifically, a combination of numpy, pandas, matplotlib, streamlit, flask and statsmodels as well as whatever is needed to get it up and running.

The Process to make it happen will be:

1) Ideation, wireframing and Design in **Figma**
2) Prototyping using **Google Sheets**
3) API Connectivity and Database work using Pythons **Flask** and **SQLAlchemy**
4) Probably hosting on **Github** 
5) Interactive front end / deployment using **Streamlit**
6) Documentation in **Obsidian** using **markdown** and **Latex**
7) Presentation in **Webflow**
8) Project Management in ASANA

Ad hoc I can't estimate an ETA at all since there are many factors influencing my ressources (time). Lets see if AGILE Methods help me moving fast.

Its basically just a journal and commitment device as well as ressource for when someone stumbles across this and decides to do something similar.

Here are the most important Links to follow along:

[FigJam file ](https://www.figma.com/file/R9aKjRgpWQzuOvV5OuC0CM/Analytics-Engine?type=whiteboard&node-id=0%3A1&t=FQ2qGCc9ts1cqGvJ-1) 
Prototype
Math and Stats 
Github Repo
Blog Presentation

The next Step is [[2. Preparation and planning]]


